INSTALL.md, before:

AERA
====

These are instructions to build and run AERA.

Prerequisites
=============

* Required: On Windows, Visual Studio
* Required: Git
* Required: The AERA code repository from https://github.com/IIIM-IS/AERA

Following are the detailed steps for each platform to install the prerequisites.

## Windows
To install Visual Studio, download and install Visual Studio Community Edition 2019 from
https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/older-downloads .
In the installer, under "Desktop development with C++", check "Windows 10 SDK (10.0.17134.0)" and
  "MSVC v141 - VS 2017 C++ build tools".

To install Git, download and install GitHub for Desktop from https://desktop.github.com .

To get the AERA code repository, launch GitHub for Desktop and sign in to GitHub. In the File menu, 
click "Clone a Repository". Click the URL tab and enter `https://github.com/IIIM-IS/AERA` . 
It should be a recursive clone (which is the default).

Build
=====
Launch Visual Studio and open the project `AERA.sln` from the cloned repository. E.g.:
`C:\Users\Alice\Documents\GitHub\replicode\AERA.sln` .
If a dialog box appears asking to retarget the Windows version, click cancel. 

## `WITH_DETAIL_OID`

To work with the AERA Visualizer, we must enable `WITH_DETAIL_OID` as follows. In the Visual Studio Solution Explorer,
open the section for `CoreLibrary`. Double-click `base.h` . Uncomment the define for `WITH_DETAIL_OID`, so that
the line is:

    #define WITH_DETAIL_OID // Enable get_detail_oid() in every object.

## Compile

In the Solution Configurations drop-down, make sure you select Release (unless you plan to debug AERA).
On the Build menu, click Build Solution. (Don't worry about all the compiler warnings.)

Run
===

To run, in Visual Studio on the Debug menu, select "Run Without Debugging". When first installed, the default
is to run the program `main.replicode` which by default loads the program `hello.world.1.replicode`. 
The output window should show some text including:

    0s:50ms:0us: hello world 1

To exit, close the output windows.

# settings.xml

The `settings.xml` file specifies the program to run, AERA meta parameters, and other options for running AERA.
To open `settings.xml`, in the Visual Studio Solution Explorer, open the section for `AERA`. Double click `settings.xml`

This has many parameters which are documented at the bottom of the file. Following are some highlights.

## settings.xml source_file_name

The `source_file_name` parameter specifies the seed program to run. For example, a program to use with the AERA Visualizer
is "../AERA/replicode_v1.2/ball.external.replicode".

## settings.xml keep_invalidated_objects

To work with the AERA Visualizer, in the Debug section under Objects, set `keep_invalidated_objects` to "yes". (This is needed
so that the decompiled objects file contains all the objects that were created during the run, including temporary objects.)

Commit message:

Update INSTALL with SDK and Win32 options

INSTALL.md, after:

AERA
====

These are instructions to build and run AERA.

Prerequisites
=============

* Required: On Windows, Visual Studio
* Required: Git
* Required: The AERA code repository from https://github.com/IIIM-IS/AERA

Following are the detailed steps for each platform to install the prerequisites.

## Windows
To install Visual Studio, download and install Visual Studio Community Edition 2019 from
https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/older-downloads .
In the installer, under "Desktop development with C++", check "Windows 10 SDK (10.0.17134.0)" and
  "MSVC v141 - VS 2017 C++ build tools".
  
In case you have Visual Studio Community Edition 2022 installed, "Windows 10 SDK (10.0.17134.0)" will
  not be listed as an option in the installer.
Instead, you can download  "Windows 10 SDK (10.0.17134.12)" from https://developer.microsoft.com/windows/downloads/sdk-archive/ .

To install Git, download and install GitHub for Desktop from https://desktop.github.com .

To get the AERA code repository, launch GitHub for Desktop and sign in to GitHub. In the File menu, 
click "Clone a Repository". Click the URL tab and enter `https://github.com/IIIM-IS/AERA` . 
It should be a recursive clone (which is the default).

Build
=====
Launch Visual Studio and open the project `AERA.sln` from the cloned repository. E.g.:
`C:\Users\Alice\Documents\GitHub\replicode\AERA.sln` .
If a dialog box appears asking to retarget the Windows version, click cancel. 

## `WITH_DETAIL_OID`

To work with the AERA Visualizer, we must enable `WITH_DETAIL_OID` as follows. In the Visual Studio Solution Explorer,
open the section for `CoreLibrary`. Double-click `base.h` . Uncomment the define for `WITH_DETAIL_OID`, so that
the line is:

    #define WITH_DETAIL_OID // Enable get_detail_oid() in every object.

## Compile

In the Solution Configurations drop-down, make sure you select Release (unless you plan to debug AERA).

In the Solution Options drop-down, make sure you select Win32.

On the Build menu, click Build Solution. (Don't worry about all the compiler warnings.)

Run
===

To run, in Visual Studio on the Debug menu, select "Run Without Debugging". When first installed, the default
is to run the program `main.replicode` which by default loads the program `hello.world.1.replicode`. 
The output window should show some text including:

    0s:50ms:0us: hello world 1

To exit, close the output windows.

# settings.xml

The `settings.xml` file specifies the program to run, AERA meta parameters, and other options for running AERA.
To open `settings.xml`, in the Visual Studio Solution Explorer, open the section for `AERA`. Double click `settings.xml`

This has many parameters which are documented at the bottom of the file. Following are some highlights.

## settings.xml source_file_name

The `source_file_name` parameter specifies the seed program to run. For example, a program to use with the AERA Visualizer
is "../AERA/replicode_v1.2/ball.external.replicode".

## settings.xml keep_invalidated_objects

To work with the AERA Visualizer, in the Debug section under Objects, set `keep_invalidated_objects` to "yes". (This is needed
so that the decompiled objects file contains all the objects that were created during the run, including temporary objects.)
